# NOTE: this file is autogenerated by Apache XBean

# beans
end = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.EndImpl
end.properties.map.entryName = entry
end.properties.map.keyName = key
end.transition.flatCollection = transitions

join = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.Join
join.properties.map.entryName = entry
join.properties.map.keyName = key
join.transition.flatCollection = transitions

meta = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.MetaAttributes
meta.entries.map.entryName = entry
meta.entries.map.keyName = key
meta.properties.map.entryName = entry
meta.properties.map.keyName = key

parallel = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.Parallel
parallel.properties.map.entryName = entry
parallel.properties.map.keyName = key
parallel.transition.flatCollection = transitions

start = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.StartImpl
start.properties.map.entryName = entry
start.properties.map.keyName = key
start.transition.flatCollection = transitions

step = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.StepImpl
step.properties.map.entryName = entry
step.properties.map.keyName = key
step.transition.flatCollection = transitions

transition = de.aedelmann.jiva.workflow.internal.jwl.TransitionImpl
transition.to.flat
transition.properties.map.entryName = entry
transition.properties.map.keyName = key

